Characteristics of Immigrants to the US by Type of Immigration Status
================
Ben 10
October 27, 2019

## Section 1. Introduction

In recent years, immigration has been a topic of intense controversy.
Given the complexity of immigration law, it is of interest to examine
patterns in immigration since the beginning of the millenia. The US
stance on immigration has grown increasingly strict, not only for
“illegal” immigration, but for legal immigration, such as
naturalization, visa use, lawful permanent residency (also referred to
as green card use), refugee status, and asylum seekers. For example, the
number of refugees accepted to the US fell to 22,491 in 2018 from 84,994
in 2016 according to the Department of State, likely as a result of hard
line policies against refugees coming to the US. As immigration policies
seem likely to tighten in the lead up to the 2020 elections, it seems
likely that selected policies against certain pathways will adversely
affect specific groups of people as opposed to all immigrant groups
equally.

Given the variety of ways to immigrate legally, and the varying
processes and timelines for each, we would expect that the
characteristics of immigrants using each pathway to differ. By examining
the demographics of each immigration pathway, we can determine the
trends, if any, that exist in the current immigration infrastructure.
Determining, for example, those paths to immigration which are most
vital for at risk groups of people, may aid in future analysis of
federal administrative policies.

Our research aims to determine the differences in characteristics
between different classes of legal immigration. We hypothesize that
there do exist statistically significant differences in the populations
which recieve different types of visa, and we particularly are
interested in region of origin.

## Section 2. Analysis plan

## Section 3. Regression Analysis Plan

## Section 4. References

## The Data
